update contribution page and remove dashboard link (#2217)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/help-community/contributing.md

The repository for the docs is [here](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n-docs){:target=_blank class=.external-link} and the guidelines for contributing to the docs are [here](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n-docs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md){:target=_blank class=.external-link}.

## Contribute to the blog

You can write an article for the [n8n blog](https://blog.n8n.io/){:target=_blank class=.external-link}. Your article can be, for example, a [workflow tutorial](https://blog.n8n.io/tag/tutorial/){:target=_blank class=.external-link}, an opinion piece on automation, or some domain-specific [automation guides](https://blog.n8n.io/tag/guide/){:target=_blank class=.external-link}.

### How to submit a post

> n8n appreciates all contributions. Publishing a tutorial on your own site that supports the community is a great contribution. If you want n8n to highlight your post on the blog, you need to go through the following steps: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
n8n appreciates all contributions. Publishing a tutorial on your own site that supports the community is a great contribution. If you want n8n to highlight your post on the blog, follow these steps: 
```

Author: this looks great, I've committed your change — could you review & merge? @freakwriter

1. Email your idea to [marketing@n8n.io](mailto:marketing@n8n.io) with the subject "Blog contribution: [Your Topic]."

> 2. Submit your draft:

Reviewer 2: There's no need to quote format this list. Just make it a normal list.

Author: Done :)
